[Autogenerated] All right, we are back in ves code.
And since we're gonna be working with our Dev vpc,
we're gonna go ahead and expand the one dash Dev Dash VPC folder and you'll
note one of the files in there is back end dot t f dot rename.
That's where RBAC end configuration is before we open that,
let's open up commands dot txt and you'll see at the bottom of this file.
I have a state migration module component.
These are the commands to follow When you migrate your back end.
The first thing to do is rename that back end dot t f
dot rename to back end dot t f.
Once it's a dot t f file.
Terra form will consider it part of the configuration.
So let's go ahead and highlight that.
Copy it and we'll bring up the terminal and make
sure I'm in the right directory.
How many times am I going to do that?
And go ahead and rename that file?
There we go now, we can.
Take a look at what's in that back end configuration and whoa,
there's not much here.
We've got our ______ form block.
We've got our back end and setting it to S3 is the type.
And then all we're doing is defining the key.
What is the object path where we want to write our
state data within that S3 bucket,
we're gonna write it to networking slash dev dash V P C
slash terra form dot T f state Sounds good.
By having a well defined path that means we can reuse this
bucket for other state data for other configurations that
we might be deploying later.
You'll also note that I left out a lot of information here,
and that's because we're going to supply that in line as part
of the terra form initialization process.
Let's go back to the commands dot txt area and you can see
there's a ______ form in it commands here that needs some
information to be filled out.
The first thing is that S3 bucket.
So I'm gonna go ahead and copy that out of my
Notepad document and pasted in here.
All right, we've got that set.
Now we need the AWS region and we know that that is East us one.
All right.
Awesome.
And then the last thing we need is our dynamo db table
name I'll go ahead and copy that out of my Notepad and
paste it in here and all right, that is thief full,
innit?
Command to use the S3 bucket, the dynamodb table and the correct region.
You might be wondering about authentication in all this because I
didn't specify that in the back end config.
If you remember earlier,
we set our AWS underscore profile environment variable to infra,
which means it's going to use the infra account for the authentication.
So let's go ahead and copy this and paste it down here
and we'll go ahead and run the command.
And if I put in the correct region, I bet you picked up on that.
Let's say it's us East.
One apps.
There we go.
See, we all make mistakes, right?
And go ahead and paste that one in and run it.
Here we go.
All right.
It's initializing the back end and we can.
See, now it's saying, Hey, I see you have existing state.
Do you want to copy it to the new back end?
Absolutely.
Yes, I do.
So I'm gonna put in Hawaii.
Yes, to copy this and there we go.
It has successfully initialized if we scroll up a little bit
we can see successfully configured the back end S3.
So it has moved the state data from our local file up to S3.
If we go over to the AWS console, Okay,
here we are in the AWS console looking at S3.
And there's our globe.
012251 bucket.
Let's go ahead and open that in there.
We've got our networking folder and in that we should have our VPC folder And
there's our ______ form .NET TF state we can Click on open,
and it will open up that file and it correctly interprets it as JSON.
So here's all of our state data that we just moved from
our local back end to this S3 back end.
Our job here is complete.
Now, in a previous module,
we also created to production VP CS one in US East one
and the other one in US West one.
I leave it as an exercise to you to also migrate those to use this same bucket as their back end